build: expand ${ZEPHYR_<module>_MODULE_DIR} in CONF_FILE, OVERLAY_CONFIG (#42057)
zephyrproject-rtos/zephyr: doc/application/index.rst

Zephyr will use configuration files from the application's configuration
directory except for files with an absolute path provided by the arguments
described earlier, for example ``CONF_FILE``, ``OVERLAY_CONFIG``, and

> ``DTC_OVERLAY_FILE``.  The absolute path to a file in a module will be
> generated by referring to it in your project's :file:`CMakeLists.txt` as:
> 
> .. code-block:: cmake
> 
>    set(CONF_FILE "\${ZEPHYR_MODULENAME_MODULE_DIR}/<module-relative-pathname>")
> 
>    find_package(Zephyr)
> 
> or from the shell as:
> 
> .. code-block:: shell
> 
>    cmake -DCONF_FILE="\${ZEPHYR_MODULENAME_MODULE_DIR}/<module-relative-pathname>"

Reviewer: Looking at the rendered output, I feel this particular feature fills to much, compared to the description of the other parts:
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/9802583/154154022-eb50bd05-19f4-4282-83be-81c4b4ca8b09.png)

How about just a short mentioning of this possibility, for example:
```suggestion
``DTC_OVERLAY_FILE``. A file in a Zephyr module can be referred by escaping the Zephyr module dir variable like this ``\${ZEPHYR_<module>_MODULE_DIR}/<path-to>/<file>`` when setting the any of said variables.
```

Zephyr will use configuration files from the application's configuration
directory except for files with an absolute path provided by the arguments
described earlier, for example ``CONF_FILE``, ``OVERLAY_CONFIG``, and

> ``DTC_OVERLAY_FILE``. A file in a Zephyr module can be referred by escaping the Zephyr module dir variable like this ``\${ZEPHYR_<module>_MODULE_DIR}/<path-to>/<file>`` when setting the any of said variables.

Reviewer: Whoops, seems my suggestion had a stray `the`

```suggestion
``DTC_OVERLAY_FILE``. A file in a Zephyr module can be referred by escaping the Zephyr module dir variable like this ``\${ZEPHYR_<module>_MODULE_DIR}/<path-to>/<file>`` when setting any of said variables.
```
